Update containers description (#337)
CDCgov/phdi: containers/message-parser/description.md

}
```

### Running the Message Parser

The message parser can be run using Docker (or any other OCI container runtime e.g., Podman), or directly from the Python source code.

#### Running with Docker (Recommended)

To run the message parser with Docker, follow these steps.
1. Confirm that you have Docker installed by running `docker -v`. If you do not see a response similar to what is shown below, follow [these instructions](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/) to install Docker.
```
❯ docker -v
Docker version 20.10.21, build baeda1f
``` 
2. Download a copy of the Docker image from the PHDI repository by running `docker pull ghcr.io/cdcgov/phdi/message-parser:main`.
3. Run the service with ` docker run -p 8080:8080 message-parser:main`.

> Congratulations, the FHIR Converter should now be running on `localhost:8080`!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Congratulations, the message parser should now be running on `localhost:8080`!
```
